wiki/Logs: Split exception log location into its own section (#101)
OpenTabletDriver/opentabletdriver.github.io: site/_wiki/Documentation/Logs.md

To export logs, click `Help` -> `Export diagnostics...` in the top menu bar.

Sometimes, the OpenTabletDriver daemon can crash hard enough that the errors can't be
sent to the GUI. In this case, you can find a

> partial log in the [Exception Log Location](#daemon-log).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partial log in the location specified [here](#daemon-log).
```
